---
tags: session-notes
---

# 2022-03-31

#### Unfinished Business
```dataview
task from #session-notes and -"_templates"
where !completed
sort file.name
```

#### TODOs
- [ ] Find the location of [[House Redfern]]'s vault for the Black Cloud [[Honest]]

#### Notes

- The party was brought to the Black Cloud's tent, where [[Narren]] was first able to speak with [[Ol Levi]]. 
- The Black Cloud ([[Honest]]) came out to meet with [[Feorella]], and told her that he would let her party go if she agreed to betray [[House Redfern]]. 
- She was to discover and relay the location of their vault, that the Black Cloud's people might raid it and prevent [[House Redfern]] from hiring mercenaries to threaten his rule. 
- Seeing no other choice, [[Feorella]] agreed for the time being, and the group was set free. 
- On the way out, [[Narren]] purchased the freedom of young [[Cody]] Reins from the slavers. 
- Through the rest of the night, the party travelled the rest of the way to [[House Redfern]]. 
- They were greeted by Lord [[Eustace]] Redfern and his children [[Hale]], a warrior, and [[Hansel]], who is enthusiastic about the house's finances. 
- They treated the party to dinner and provided rooms for their stay. 
- The Lord [[Eustace]] questioned them about the Iron Born and their leader Black Cloud. 
- [[Feorella]] managed to deflect their interests. 
- [[Maester Vaelon]] fell asleep at the table.  
- After retiring, [[Maester Vaelon]] went exploring the castle trying to determine where the location of [[House Redfern]]'s vault.
- He detected a draft in the house larder that couldn't be accounted for. 
- When he is discovered, he feigns sleepwalking and is returned to his chamber.